alright so right now I am on my way to
meet up with another fellow YouTube
motovlog are here on the island and his
name is I Rev 808 I was originally gonna
go there go down to his side to UM to
fill some flybys on my bike and I set
out in open invite on kik and he wanted
to come so I said sure why not so he's
gonna come and meet me at the spot yeah
so I'm going to be shooting flybys and
he's gonna do some shooting on is on his
camera on his DSLR and after that I'm
gonna do a walk around on my bike so
stay tuned for that guy's oh hey guys so
oh I'm still my way to meet up with i
renovate wait but he said to use this
time since I'm already recorded to talk
about the bike just uh you know just my
basic first impression of it after had
ain't having it for like almost almost
two weeks so hard on me fastest stop
sign
right so i had i bought this bike on the
second of May and it is what is today
today's the 14th so I had it for 12 days
so nearly two weeks I've had this are
six and and I'm gonna tell you guys
right now that I'm loving it there's
nothing I don't regret like selling my
thousand regretting I'm not regretting
you know choosing the r six instead of
all the other bikes that were there this
thing is really tall though like the
stock seat height is kind of tall so I
had the seat shaved but the seat didn't
have that much padding to begin with so
they didn't shave off that much so I'm
not I'm still on my tiptoes but not as
much on my tip toes as you know when I
first wrote the bike out of the
dealership yeah so the seats pretty high
it runs really smooth though like my
check this out
yeah so the bike rides really smooth i
think is smoother than my gixxer the
throttle is kind of twitchy but once you
get used to it it's not even a problem
anymore and this bike go with
man like i can compare to my leader
break my chicks are thousand i got i'm
able to put this bike in his part man
more than I did with my leader bike and
therefore it's more fun and look how
nimble this thing is I gotta be careful
with potholes birdie so
yeah bikes really nimble is a super fun
it's incredibly incredibly light and I'm
loving it I'm loving everything I enjoy
myself every time I get on this thing
and write it so anyway like I was saying
I'm loving the blank it's really light
it's super nimble like I can maneuver
this thing and flip it left to right
with such ease it's incredible man and
the throttle response is very sensitive
so you're like a small twist
the flight kind of just wants to go so
yeah I kind of be careful of that yeah
so that's basically all I got right now
for my review my I guess my mini review
of the bike my first impressions of it
and so yeah I'll see you guys when I
meet up with our beta wait mmm Izzy ah
ok let's end this video right now and
wait for I Rev let me do a walk around
till he gets here I guess okay so
apparently i arrived 808 was already
here but he was a more down the road so
i gotta go over there because their
shade and it's much cooler anyways yeah
that's what we're gonna rim head down
there now wave hi i got my phone play
music right now
que se I saw him there youth
yeah I was looking for you down there I
was looking for you down there ah
what is that okay
he's talking back in here
so this is going to be
another a flyby very said good
so I'm probably gonna do another flyby
one more time he turned the camera
around I didn't know that at first I
thought I ran over the camera but I did
not tell we good
you all right there's my backpack zipped
up okay all right thanks it's nice to
have friends I can check if your
backpack is zipped up or not yeah so
that was fun I would have a the way to a
couple pictures on my bike a couple
pictures of me riding my bike and yeah
did my five eyes with her which came out
really really awesome so I can't wait to
throw that up on the computer and edit
them edit it basically gonna be my new
intros from now on until I change them
again well yep it was fun that was a fun
as a fun thing to do I never done
anything like that at all so it was an
awesome experience and
yeah basically it all right I'm a head
home edit some videos I catch you guys
later bye bye